In this video I'll demonstrate how to migrate virtual machines to a VSE fair distributed switch.
So here you can see I'm at the networking screen of the Vee's fair web client and I have my VCP Dasch
demo distributed switch that I created in a prior video and I'm going to right click that distributed
switch and choose migrate the OEM's to another network.
Now this is one way in which you can take a bunch of virtual machines that are on some specific network
like for example VM network or another distributed port group even and you can migrate a bunch of virtual
machines to a different network like my new network that I created called the VM network DP.
So I'm actually going to change my source network.
I'm going to make it.
Rick Creasey dist.
PGE because I'm pretty sure that's where my virtual machines are currently connected.
And our next and there we go.
I've got a virtual machine that's connected to that group that I can then go ahead and migrate off of
that port group and onto this new port group.
So if you had a whole lot of virtual machines that you needed to migrate from one distributed switch
to another or from a standard switch to a distributed switch this would be a really fast way that you
could do a bunch of those migrations.
The other option is to go to hosts and Klosters grab your virtual machine go to settings on the virtual
machine and under edit settings you can simply change the network that the virtual machine is attached
to there as well.
So here you can see I've got two network adapters I can go ahead and change those to whatever network
I want.
And so now I've connected them both back up to VM network and I'm going to hit OK there so you can do
it one virtual machine at a time in this manner.
Or you can do a mass migration using the first method I showed you.